PDS 961 update documentation for timeoff (#2)
Humi-HR/partners-api: v1/timeoff/employeeId/get.md

# TimeOff Show

Get approved time off requests of a specific employee.

**URL** : `/v1/timeoff/:employeeId`

**Method** : `GET`

**Auth required** : YES, include your token in the `Authorization` header. Ex: `Authorization: Bearer your-token-here`

## Requests
Requests must follow the [JSON:API](https://jsonapi.org/) spec.

The `dateRange[start]` and `dateRange[end]` parameters are required.

> The results will onlyinclude time off requests where the start date(`start_at`), end date(`end_at`), or dates between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results will only include time off requests where the start date(`start_at`), end date(`end_at`), or dates between
```
